Second Master, since Song Xun has caught it
Then the benefit you promised me
Don't worry, follow me
The benefits are indispensable to you
Your sister is pretty
How about letting me be your brother-in-law for one night?
Ok dear brother-in-law
Xiao Ming, you beast sister
People die for wealth and birds die for food
This is my brother, can't you help my brother?
What happened to you all night?
I'm not selling you to a brothel
Song Xuan
This is far from the female bandit in Qianlang Mountain
Miss Su is not around either
I see who can save you this time, wait a minute
This one.
Although you got the vindication, right?
But you don't know the secret inside.
He's just a piece of paper here.
You know how to crack the secrets in the book
Of course!
If as a condition
You have to stop.
OK
Okay, you go down too. Eat
Can you tell me now?
Borrow and wash yuan things for one use
Anton
Just let me die, understand?
Did you kill my brother?